---------------Design Concept------------------

+++Being Connected+++

Following the affinity diagram and research, we came to some initial conclusion that among all the issues mentioned by the veterans, we would like to focus on faciliating them being connected to each other and the university. We believed being connected is the very basic step to solve other problems such as academic or mental issues. Without the student veterans being connected to his peers and the university, it is nearly impossible for any other resources and services to reach them.

+++Centralized Information+++

We aimed to provide a centralized location for all the information that is specifically for veterans. In other words, everything in the portal is specific to student veterans, and everything for student veterans are in one place.

Our portal would consist of the student veteran's profile and four sections: Network, Resources, Map, and Events. More detailed explaination for each section would be presented along with our final solution below.


+++Not Another Facebook+++
We made the decision early on that we did not want to build another social media that pushes interactions to happen. On the contrary, we would like to provide opportunities of connection for those who are in need of. Our later conversations with the student veterans of IU also supported this idea.

---------------Solution------------------

1. Profile

The profile gives veterans the opportunity to identify themselves with school and military related information. It will be connected with the university's system, showing one's basic information and veteran-specific information. The veterans would have control over what information they would like to make public to other veterans on campus.

2. Network

Network provides veterans the opportunity to connect with other veterans on campus and they can filter to find other veterans that served in the same branch as well as veterans who are faculty, alumni, and students.

3. Resources

Resources contains veteran specific information and all of the info provided is directed at the veterans. This section is designed in reponse of the problem that the veterans may not aware of the what or how they can access the resources and benefits provided at the local, regional, and national level.

4. Map

It was mentioned by the director of VSS that knowing about military related locations helps provide connections between the university, the veterans, and their military background. Besides, when a veteran is new to a campus, he/she may not know exactly where everything is. This Map section would serve as an aid to the Resources section that provide veteran-specific location information.

5. Events

Events is where it takes the network a step forward to connect veterans with opportunities they might not be aware of otherwise. It connects with the Network, and the veteran can see who is going to the events from the connections that was made.





